Substrate front-end tutorial (#191)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: docs/tutorials/basic-dapp/part-3-transfer-funds.md

In this component, we don't need to fetch any data from the `api`, so there is no hook, however, we will use the `api` to do the transfer. Just like for `Balances` we will pass the `api` and `keyring` through the props. We will have only one state variable, an object containing the form information to be submitted as we click the *Send* button.
To generate the options from the dropdown of our accounts `keyringOptions`, we will simply iterate from the `keyring.getPairs()`.

```js
export default function Transfer (props) {
  const { api, keyring } = props;
  const [status, setStatus] = useState('');
  const initialState = {
    addressFrom: '',
    addressTo: '',
    amount: 0
  };
  const [formState, setFormState] = useState(initialState);

  // get the list of accounts we possess the private key for
  const keyringOptions = keyring.getPairs().map((account) => ({
    key: account.address,
    value: account.address,
    text: account.meta.name.toUpperCase()
  }));

  const onChange = (_, data) => {
    setFormState(formState => {
      return {
        ...formState,
        [data.state]: data.value
      };
    });
  };
```

> We will then create our function to actually submit the form. To do so we need to create the transaction, then sign it with our private key and finally send it. The `api` provides all we need here again, with `api.tx.balances` and the `transfer` and `signAndSend` methods. The latter takes the Keypair as the first parameter and a callback as the second parameter, passing to the callback the `status` of the transaction that we will use to see if our transaction is executed successfully thanks to the `isFinalized` flag. In the example below, we will show our users if the transaction is successful or not and in case it is successful at what block it was executed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will then create our function to actually submit the form. To do so we need to create the transaction, then sign it with our private key and finally send it. The `api` provides all we need here again, with `api.tx.balances` and the `transfer` and `signAndSend` methods. The latter takes the Keypair as the first parameter and a callback as the second parameter.
The the `status` of the transaction is passed to the callback function. We will use it to see if our transaction is executed successfully. In the example below, we will show our users if the transaction was successfully finalized using the `isFinalized` status value. If it was successful executed, we're showing at which block it was finalized.
```

```js
const makeTransfer = () => {
    const { addressTo, addressFrom, amount } = formState;
    const fromPair = keyring.getPair(addressFrom);

    setStatus('Sending...');

    api.tx.balances
    .transfer(addressTo, amount)
    .signAndSend(fromPair, ({ status }) => {
        if (status.isFinalized) {
        setStatus(`Completed at block hash #${status.asFinalized.toString()}`);
        } else {
        setStatus(`Current transfer status: ${status.type}`);
        }
    }).catch((e) => {
        setStatus(':( transaction failed');
        console.error('ERROR:', e);
    });
};
```

This is it, nothing particularly crazy right?
Similarly to the `Balances` component, we need to import it in `Apps.js` and tell where it should be rendered.

```js
// at the top of the file
import Transfer from './Transfer';

// right after our Balances component
<Transfer
    api={api}
    keyring={keyring}
/>
```

You can get the working version of this code by visiting `part-3-1` directory:

```bash
cd part-3-1;
yarn;
yarn start;
```

> If you run this example, you will get find our `Transfert` component below the Balance table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run this example, you will get find our `Transfer` component below the Balance table.
```
